Never give up on something that you can’t go a day without thinking about. ―Winston Churchill
When you know your ‘why,’ then your ‘what’ has more impact because you’re working toward your purpose. ―Michael Jr.
Never give up, for that is just the place and time that the tide will turn. ―Harriet Beecher Stowe
When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it. ―Henry Ford
You do what you can for as long as you can, and when you finally can’t, you do the next best thing. You back up, but you don’t give up. ―Chuck Yeager
Self-pity is our worst enemy, and if we yield to it, we can never do anything wise in this world. ―Helen Keller
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time. ―Thomas Edison
Strength does not come from physical capacity. It comes from an indomitable will. ―Mahatma Gandhi
The difference between a successful person and others is not a lack of strength, not a lack of knowledge, but rather a lack in will. ―Vince Lombardi
Never give up, for that is just the place and time that the tide will turn. ―Harriet Beecher Stowe
It always seems impossible until it’s done. ―Nelson Mandela
It always seems impossible until it’s done. ―Nelson Mandela
The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step. ―Lao Tzu
The secret of getting ahead is getting started. ―Mark Twain
How long should you try? Until. ―Jim Rohn
Winners never quit, and quitters never win. ―Vince Lombardi
Believe you can, and you’re halfway there. ―Theodore Roosevelt
The greater the obstacle, the more glory in overcoming it. ―Molière
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop. ―Confucius
Successful men and women keep moving. They make mistakes, but they don’t quit. ―Conrad Hilton
Fall seven times; stand up eight. ―Japanese proverb
Keep your face always toward the sunshine—and shadows will fall behind you. ―Walt Whitman
Believe in yourself and all that you are. Know that there is something inside you that is greater than any obstacle. ―Christian D. Larson
Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no hope at all. ―Dale Carnegie
The only time you fail is when you fall down and stay down. ―Stephen Richards
If you fall behind, run faster. Never give up, never surrender and rise up against the odds. ―Jesse Jackson
If you fall behind, run faster. Never give up, never surrender and rise up against the odds. ―Jesse Jackson
It’s not whether you get knocked down, it’s whether you get up. ―Vince Lombardi
The human spirit is stronger than anything that can happen to it. ―C.C. Scott
Dig deep within yourself, for there is a fountain of goodness ever ready to flow if you will keep digging. ―Marcus Aurelius
She was unstoppable, not because she did not have failures or doubts, but because she continued on despite them. ―Beau Taplin
The only thing that stands between you and your dream is the will to try and the belief that it is actually possible. ―Joel Brown
